# PyBer_Analysis
## Report 
    The purpose of this analysis is to give a summary report of the data that cleaned and sorted to provide V.Isualize with a Data Frame that showcases the requested information for each city type. There were many ways that the data could have been analyzed, however, I choose a specific way to showcase what was most adamant. The dataframe provided the Total Rides, Total Drivers, Total Fares, Average Fare per Ride and Average per Driver for each city type (i.e Rural, Suburban and Urban). What we noticed while conducting the analysis was that the “Urban” city area generated significantly more rides due to the high amount of drivers in that location compered to its counterparts. This ultimately drove the fare prices much lower than the other two cities at $16.57 per ride. 
    This analysis did not come with many challenges, however, the few that I did run into caused some issues before a solution was found. For example, I did have a hard time remove some columns from the data frame (City Type and Date) that we duplicated due to the combining of the data frames. I was able to reformat my code and double check for any spelling mistakes to make sure the that data was defined and able to be read. Once I figured out what line in the code was causing the error output, I was able to then use a different method to allow the data frame to be reorganized to comply with the request. 
    If any recommendations could be made I would insight the following: The fare price for a suburban area is much higher than that of an Urban area. This disproportionate amount would be feasible if the community was either much bigger (requiring a longer drive from point A to point B). Since that data was not provided, I believe that is an area of opportunity for the company to look into. In addition to conduction an analysis on total distance travelled per city, analyzing the specific times throughout the day the each city saw a spike in rides could also help better understand the demand for a “Ride Share”, thus resulting in the appropriate pricing per ride to be evaluated. We would need to collect data for the “total distance traveled per city”, however, given that we were given the times and dates of the rides provided per city, we could proceed with the second analysis. We could follow similar steps to visualizing the data as we have done here. 

